In this tutorial we're talking about commons in SQL.
Right away you might notice that the database has grown substantially.
Please ignore that.
That's just because I've been working on the next section of the course so our two tables are still
here a list of orders and order breakdown and the rest.
It's getting exciting.
It's growing very quickly so with all of the rest of the tables and these items actually I should probably
close that we will work in the next section of this course.
Anyway coming back to our topic we're talking about comments.
Let me show you something right away.
If we select the top 2000 rows of this table at the top here you see this green light.
Well in S Q Well comments are highlighted in green by default.
And what this means is that this line of code will be completely ignored.
It will be executed when you execute the script.
So there are two types of comments in.
Here you can see a multi-line comment.
And that means that if I split it into many lines and then I typed in something else then it will still
be commented.
And for instance I can even delete these characters because the code for a multi-line comment or the
way to specify Monsell and comments you start with a slash and then a star and you ended with a star
and a slash.
So just be careful here that this is not a backslash this is a normal slash.
So basically the same two symbols but in the opposite order and you can create your own multiply in
common.
So for instance we could create a multi-line comment here saying
this is my select state.
And
there we go.
So now I've created Lamont's line comment and if I get this code it won't be won't be affected code
.
The second type of Calment that you can create is a single line comment and a single line common starts
with NSU all starts of two minus signs after each other like that.
And here I can maybe specify a description for this column for the person who reading this code.
This column shows sales in dollars for instance.
And now if I run this code again once again this part is not affecting the code is being completely
ignored.
So two types of Commons and rescue all the single line comment with the two minus signs fold each other
and the multi-line comment with the slash and the star in the Starns lash as opening and closing symbols